Modify rule S2109(Java): Update rule according to the LayC (#2436)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2109/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Denoted by the "@" symbol, annotations are metadata that can be added to classes, methods, and variables for various
purposes such as documentation, code analysis, and runtime processing.

> Annotations have retention policies that determine how long they are retained and available for use.

Reviewer: Instead of `how long` maybe `in which context`?

There are three retention policies for annotations:

* `RetentionPolicy.SOURCE` - Annotations are only available during compilation and code analysis.
  They are not included in the compiled class file and are not available at runtime.
  E.G. `@Override`, `@SuppressWarnings`.
* `RetentionPolicy.CLASS` - Annotations are included in the compiled class file providing information to the compiler,
  but they are not retained by the JVM at runtime. This is the default retention policy. E.G. `@PreviewFeature`
* `RetentionPolicy.RUNTIME` - Annotations are included in the compiled class file and available at runtime.
  They can be accessed and used by the program through reflection.
  E.G. `@FunctionalInterface`, `@Deprecated`

It is important to understand that only annotations having the `RUNTIME` retention policy can be accessed at runtime
using reflection. For example, the following if condition is true when the method argument is the
`java.util.function.Function` class:

[source,java]
----
void execute(Class<?> cls) {
  if (cls.isAnnotationPresent(FunctionalInterface.class)) {
    // ...
  }
}
----

> But it is an issue to use reflection with annotations having the `SOURCE` or `RUNTIME` retention policy because they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is problematic to use reflection in combination with annotations with the `SOURCE` or `CLASS` retention policy because they
```

are not present at runtime. For example, in the JVM source code, the `hashCode()` method of the `Integer` class has
the `@Override` annotation. But the following if condition will always be false even if the method argument is the
`Integer#hashCode()` method:

[source,java]
----
void execute(Method method) {
  if (method.isAnnotationPresent(Override.class)) { // Noncompliant, if condition will always be false
    // ...
  }
}
----

> This rule detects improper reflective access on annotations having the `SOURCE` or `RUNTIME` retention policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule detects improper reflective access on annotations having the `SOURCE` or `CLASS` retention policy.
```

There are three retention policies for annotations:

* `RetentionPolicy.SOURCE` - Annotations are only available during compilation and code analysis.
  They are not included in the compiled class file and are not available at runtime.
  E.G. `@Override`, `@SuppressWarnings`
* `RetentionPolicy.CLASS` - Annotations are included in the compiled class file providing information to the compiler,
  but they are not retained by the JVM at runtime. This is the default retention policy. E.G. `@PreviewFeature`
* `RetentionPolicy.RUNTIME` - Annotations are included in the compiled class file and available at runtime.
  They can be accessed and used by the program through reflection.
  E.G. `@FunctionalInterface`, `@Deprecated`

It is important to understand that only annotations having the `RUNTIME` retention policy can be accessed at runtime
using reflection. For example, the following if condition is true when the method argument is the
`java.util.function.Function` class:

[source,java]
----
void execute(Class<?> cls) {
  if (cls.isAnnotationPresent(FunctionalInterface.class)) {
    // ...
  }
}
----

> Therefore, this is an issue to use reflection in combination with annotations with the `SOURCE` or `CLASS` retention policy because they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, it is an issue to use reflection in combination with annotations with the `SOURCE` or `CLASS` retention policy because they
```
